python: add manual tracing docs (#7724)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/manual_instrumentation/python.md

You may also want to extend the functionality of the `ddtrace` library or gain finer control over instrumenting your application. Several techniques are provided by the library to accomplish this.

## Creating spans

> The `ddtrace` library will create spans automatically with `ddtrace-run` for [many libraries and frameworks][1]. However, you may want to gain visibility into your own code and this is achieved using spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ddtrace` library creates spans automatically with `ddtrace-run` for [many libraries and frameworks][1]. However, you may want to gain visibility into your own code and this is achieved by using spans.
```

> For instance, within your make sandwich web request you may perform several operations, `get_ingredients()` and `assemble_sandwich()`  which would be useful to measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within your web request (for example, `make_sandwich_request`), you may perform several operations, like `get_ingredients()` and `assemble_sandwich()`, which are useful to measure.
```

    # Capture both operations in a span
    with tracer.trace("sandwich.make"):
        ingredients = get_ingredients()
        sandwich = assemble_sandwich(ingredients)

def make_sandwich_request(request):
    # Capture both operations in a span
    with tracer.trace("sandwich.create") as outer_span:
        with tracer.trace("get_ingredients") as span:
            ingredients = get_ingredients()

        with tracer.trace("assemble_sandwich") as span:
            sandwich = assemble_sandwich(ingredients)
```

Full API details for `ddtrace.Tracer()` can be found [here][2]

[1]: http://pypi.datadoghq.com/trace/docs/advanced_usage.html#ddtrace.Span
[2]: http://pypi.datadoghq.com/trace/docs/advanced_usage.html#tracer
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Manual" %}}

If the decorator and context manager methods are still not enough to satisfy your tracing needs, a manual API is provided which allows you to start and finish [spans][1] however you may require:

```python

def make_sandwich_request(request):
    span = tracer.trace("sandwich.create")
    ingredients = get_ingredients()
    sandwich = assemble_sandwich(ingredients)
    span.finish()  # remember to finish the span
```

> API details of the decorator can be found below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API details of the decorator can be found in the `ddtrace.Tracer.trace` [documentation][2] or the `ddtrace.Span.finish`[documentation][3].
```

> - [`ddtrace.Tracer.trace`][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [`ddtrace.Span.finish`][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Locally" %}}

Tags can be added to a span using the `set_tag` method on a span:

```python
from ddtrace import tracer

def make_sandwich_request(request):
    with tracer.trace("sandwich.make") as span:
        ingredients = get_ingredients()
        span.set_tag("num_ingredients", len(ingredients))
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Globally" %}}

Tags can be globally set on the tracer. These tags will be applied to every span that is created.

```python
from ddtrace import tracer
from myapp import __version__

# This will be applied to every span
tracer.set_tag("version", __version__)
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Errors" %}}

Exception information is captured and attached to a span if there is one active when the exception is raised.

```python
from ddtrace import tracer

with tracer.trace("throws.an.error") as span:
    raise Exception("Oops!")

# `span` will be flagged as erroneous and have
# the stack trace and exception message attached as tags
```

Flagging a span as erroneous can also be done manually:

```python
from ddtrace import tracer

span = tracer.trace("operation")
span.error = 1
span.finish()
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## OpenTracing

> OpenTracing support is included in the `ddtrace` package. Use `pip` to install the required `opentracing` package :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTracing support is included in the `ddtrace` package. Use `pip` to install the required `opentracing` package:
```

```sh
pip install ddtrace[opentracing]
```

The OpenTracing convention for initializing a tracer is to define an initialization method that configures and instantiates a new tracer and overwrites the global `opentracing.tracer` reference:

```python
import time
import opentracing
from ddtrace.opentracer import Tracer, set_global_tracer

def init_tracer(service_name):
    config = {
      "agent_hostname": "localhost",
      "agent_port": 8126,
    }
    tracer = Tracer(service_name, config=config)
    set_global_tracer(tracer)
    return tracer

def my_operation():
  span = opentracing.tracer.start_span("<OPERATION_NAME>")
  span.set_tag("<TAG_KEY>", "<TAG_VALUE>")
  time.sleep(0.05)
  span.finish()

init_tracer("<SERVICE_NAME>")
my_operation()
```

> The tracer can now be used just like in any other OpenTracing application. See [opentracing.io][2] for OpenTracing Python usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracer can now be used like in any other OpenTracing application. See [opentracing.io][2] for OpenTracing Python usage.
```
